Release 2.4.6 (#7095)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-2.4.md

### Security in v2.4.6

- [#7039](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7039) - Updated `cryptography` to `44.0.2` to address `CVE-2024-12797`.

### Added in v2.4.6

- [#5780](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/5780) - Added object permission enforcement to related objects when modifying records through the REST API.
- [#6957](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/6957) - Added optional `display_field` parameter to `LinkedCountColumn`.
- [#7041](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7041) - Added bulk-edit support for the ClusterType model.
- [#7044](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7044) - Added bulk-edit support for the ClusterGroup model.
- [#7088](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7088) - Added support for removing content types in Status bulk-edit and Role bulk-edit.
- [#7091](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7091) - Added Nautobot DNS Models app to the Apps Marketplace.

### Changed in v2.4.6

- [#4181](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/4181) - Changed the default column ordering of Note table.
- [#4181](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/4181) - Added `last_updated` column to Note table.

> - [#4181](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/4181) - Added display for number of notes attached to each object on the Notes tab header in Object Detail View.

Reviewer: These two should be under `Added` IMO.

- [#6379](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/6379) - Changed `SoftwareImageFile.download_url` to allow additional URI Schemas, such as `sftp://`, `tftp://`.
- [#6957](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/6957) - Changed "Locations" column in Prefix table to show `location.name` instead of `location.display` to avoid verbose location hierarchy in tables.

> - [#7003](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7003) - Added `external_integration` foreign key field to `SoftwareImageFile` model, which allows the enrichment of file data to include download options, secrets, etc.

Reviewer: This should be under `Added` IMO

- [#7030](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7030) - Improved Nautobot Webhooks documentation with additional context and examples.
- [#7051](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/7051) - Clarified developer "best practices" documentation regarding base classes for forms in Nautobot.

### Housekeeping in v2.4.6

- [#6962](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/6962) - Refactored Service model related UI views to use `NautobotUIViewSet` and `UI component framework`.
- [#6970](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/6970) - Added selenium helper. Fixed selenium VNC port bug.
- [#6987](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/6987) - Added `django-test-migrations` as a testing dependency.
- [#6987](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/6987) - Added `nautobot.ipam.tests.test_migrations.IPAMDataMigration0031TestCase` that can be run to reproducibly test IPAM data migration `0031_ipam___data_migrations` for correctness and performance.
- [#6987](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/6987) - Renamed `invoke tests` task to `invoke lint` and renamed `invoke unittest` task to `invoke tests`.

> - [#6987](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/6987) - Changed 'invoke tests' task to default to _not_ measuring and reporting code coverage by default, since doing so slows test performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#6987](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/6987) - Changed `invoke tests` task to default to _not_ measuring and reporting code coverage by default, since doing so slows test performance.
```
